Welcome to this module we're nearing the end of this course.
Thus far we always had a look at the client side and a little bit of service side but we mostly focused
on the single page application aspect and the fact that Nax can be used to pre-rendered pages.
Is this really all though the answer is yes regarding next.
Next is there to give you Uni Wurzel of new applications it's not a full stack framework it's not a
service framework like Express's it integrates nicely with Express though so we can connect that to
our customer service code as I will show you in this module.
But in the end is there to prepare the rendering of your view pages and to then do that rendering.
That is the role of next and that is why I always emphasized that you shouldn't put any over service
and logic like accessing a database into your next quote.
It is more jailable still show you how you can reach or how you can achieve a deeper integration between
next and the server side.
So let's take a closer look.